chore: adding line breaks to PR template comments (#2803)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/src/guide/fuels-cli/commands.md

You have all the right versions! ⚡
```

## `fuels info`

> Outputs useful information that can assist with possible nmisconfigurations and general information you can paste when creating new issues.

Author: ```suggestion
Outputs helpful information that can assist with possible misconfigurations and general information you can paste when creating new issues.
```

```console-vue
npx fuels@{{fuels}} info
```

```console-vue
{
  "sdkVersions": {
    "FORC": "0.62.0",
    "FUEL_CORE": "0.31.0",
    "FUELS": "0.92.1"
  },
  "toolchainVersions": {
    "error": null,
    "systemForcVersion": "0.61.1",
    "systemForcPath": "forc",
    "systemFuelCoreVersion": "0.30.0",
    "systemFuelCorePath": "fuel-core"
  },
  "nodeVersion": "v22.3.0",
  "osType": "Darwin",
  "osArch": "arm64"
}

> ```

Reviewer: I assume this was mean't to go in:
- https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/pull/2802

Reviewer 2: Accidental copy from [here](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/pull/2738#discussion_r1685566897) I believe.
